# The Maiden

### Goddess of Protection and Nature
The Maiden is said to be the mother of all things. She is believed to have birthed the world itself and everything within it. She is also considered the protector of the kind. Children are often told to mind their manners and be kind to others, or The Maiden will not protect them from harm. Her blessings can be felt in ways ranging from befriending the local alley cat all the way up to a bountiful harvest. She has been known to place a guardian blessing on people as well, who are in great need.

#### Holy Symbol
The holy symbol of The Maiden is a wooden cornucopia that has been blessed by a level 12 or higher cleric. It's often worn by a string or strap, and tied to the waist of the clerics. It's often filled with sundries, which are sacrificed to The Maiden during rituals. If a cleric is using the cornucopia to channel the power of The Maiden, it is held up above their head, opening held up to the sky so The Maiden's blessing can be poured into the mouth.

#### Followers
Followers of The Maiden, known as _____ travel the world among nature. They travel between the trees like the Druids, and commune with nature to seek guidance. _____ will bestow The Maiden's divine blessing on anyone who shows kindness and respects the natural laws. They differ from Druids however, in that they are not keepers of nature. _____ prefer balance in people instead of balance of nature. They are often seen as guardians of the weak, as well as powerful healers. Many _____ will become doctors, or sages in their community, offering blessings to the people they oversee, including ensuring blessings over the crops and animals of local farmers, casting guardian enchantments on travelers and explorers who are about to embark on a long journey, or offering travelling merchants safe passage through dangerous areas and shortcuts. _____ will sometimes join on expeditions themselves, if they see merit in the cause, and offer their blessings to the party.

#### Appearances
The Maiden is often portrayed as a broad shouldered woman of roughly 30. She has long flowing brown hair dotted with the various fauna of The Shattered World. In one hand she holds a bountiful cornucopia bursting with fruit, and the other a golden-hued shield. She has often made appearances to her followers, not being shy about her presence like most of the gods. She will make personal appearances to intervene in situations that are considered "World Changing" to help maintain the balance of man and nature. Her blessings can be seen manifest in many ways, including sudden growth of plants to hinder passage, or a much needed meal found during long travels.

#### Nature
While The Maiden is considered the goddess of nature, she often favors the workings of man over the workings of nature itself. Nature has its own protector in the form of The Whispering Spirit, a deer-like entity worshiped by the elves. As such, for the sake of balance, The Maiden does not offer protection to nature itself, so much as offers the use of nature as a tool.