Brin was created in an [[Illithid]] "Cattle Farm". Genetically bred for labor in Low-G environments. He spent the better part of 8 years laboring under the rule of the vile [[Illithid|Mind Flayers]]. He watched as one by one any friend he had were taken away. When they returned, they seemed normal. At first. But as days went by, their fingers would enlongate, and their heads would become bulbous and distended. It was usually around then that they were taken away again. Never to be seen again. 

But not all was lost for poor Brin, as he had [[Colm Corbec]] to watch over him. Another of [[the cattle]] that took a liking to the poor boy. [[Colm Corbec|Corbec]] never had a chance to have a son of his own. None of [[The Cattle|the cattle]] did. Corbec raised Brin as an idealist, instilling in him the desire to see the Tiefling people free from the rule of the [[Illithid]]. Free to roam the stars with a fleet of their own.

[[Colm Corbec]] was good leader, and as such he attracted those who were skilled. He had an escape planned. They were going to wait until the next Spelljamming barge arrived. When the ore was all transferred, there was a short break where the thralls were transfering orders. It was then that they could sneak on board. [[Colm Corbec]] had asked [[Oan Mkoll]] and [[MkVenner]], two key members of the escape, to procure an [[Orb of Wizard Kind]]. Well... one of sorts. Being that the only magic really available on the ranches are backalley magics of some [[Magi-Tek]] hacker, they were able to aquire a less than impressive enchantment on the item. But it didn't matter. It only needed to work long enough to get out of the asteroid's gravity. After that, they could hop on the lifeboat, and hope a passing vessel wasn't either [[Beholder]] or [[Illithid]] in origin... or worse.

So, [[Colm Corbec|Corbec]] got the crew together. [[Oan Mkoll]] and [[MkVenner]], the twins who were a little too good at... aquisition. [[Elim Rawne]], the rough and tumble ganger. It's said hew as born in the streets of the ranch. Just spit out on the street corner where he's been ever since. [[Celgan Varl]], the merry prankster,  and of course [[Brin Milo]]. [[Colm Corbec|Corbec]] ran everyone through the plan one last time. "Sneak past the thralls, knock 'em out if we gotta, get on that ship, [[Celgan Varl|Varl]], you use the Orb, and we get the fuck off this rock."

And to the surprise of everyone, it worked. Well. Mostly. [[Oan Mkoll|Oan]] and [[MkVenner|Ven]] got by just fine. No one even knew they were there. But [[Elim Rawne|Rawne]] isn't exactly known for stealth. He was seen, and everyone had to act fast. [[Elim Rawne|Rawne]] and [[Colm Corbec|Colin]] ended up having to attack the thralls while the rest made a break for the ship. They barely got the barge off the ground, the effort of lift off combined with the shoddy magic of the orb took about everything [[Celgan Varl|Varl]] had, but soon they had escaped the gravity of the asteroid, and were in space. It wasn't long before [[Celgan Varl|Varl]] passed out from the exhaustion. The ship, for the time being was derelict.

That night, while everyone was sleeping Brin felt a calling. Something unknown urging him to try to pilot the spelljammer. He sat in the cockpit, and felt a surge of divine magic pulse through him. The ship quickly grew up to slipstream speeds, but Brin wasn't able to keep control for long. He began to feel the loss of controll, like a bike wobbling beneath its rider, before the ship was thrown out of slipstream, and into the atmosphere of this new planet, a world shattered by the cosmic beings that were meant to watch over it. The ship was destroyed on entry, throwing the crew across the planet. 

Brin had somehow managed to survive the crash, and was found by a passing farmer. He was taken in by the farmer and his wife for a few years. He was taught the power of hard work and passion in your art. The farmer was a follower of [[The Fool]], and his art was the working of the land. He never displayed any magic from his devotion, but the land was always good to him, as was [[The Fool]]. 

Unfortuantely, these kind folks had passed unexpectedly. Brin was found and taken to the Orphanage in [[Hogsmead]] where he was well cared for by the headmistress. That is, until that fateful [[eve of trees]] when she passed, and was replaced by the horrid Ms. Primsit. He and the other children lived in fear and agony for a full year before they took their vengance on that horrid monster of a woman. No one even batted an eye when they stood by the fountain with her head, screaming of their victory.


Created in an [[Illithid]] "Cattle Farm" for labor. Eventually escaped. Crash landed on planet. Hung out with old man. Was tought to follow [[The Fool]]. Was given a ring of golden bells that are a little warm to the touch. He's not sure what they are, but that's okay. They channel the power of [[The Fool]]. He became a [[Musewalker]] when he became passionate about his art (Whatever that is...), and traveled some with the [[Muse of Tinewall (Name Pending)|old man]]. He has been to the following places: 

```
At a very young age, Colm Corbec was another Tiefling who was like a father figure to me. He protected me where he could in the slave pits from those who would take advantage of me and taught me how to take care of myself. He is the one who set me on my path with The Fool.

One day, Corbec told me about an escape he had been devising, one that took a few hands. He introduced me to Ceglan Varl, a prankster and jokester who constantly found himself in trouble but somehow always skated by alive. A loud mouth show off, but with a good heart. There were also the Twins, Oan Mkoll and MkVenner, or Ven. Never did get his first name, Ven sort of scared me. Both were highly skilled at sneaking where they needed, usually getting extra food for those who had been ordered without. They were quiet and dedicated to Corbec who had set them on the path that helped save others. Then there was Elim Rawne. One of the gangers who ran a group that extorted others, the group needed a little Muscle. He always scared me the most, as if I should always watch my back around him. After a dirty scuff up, Rawne was left powerless and without friends and decided this little plan was just up his alley. One night, with the Twins' help, we all snuck through the guards and eventually escaped with one of the many ships that would allow us to ply our way through the Astral Sea. With no way of truly knowing how to operate it or where we were going, we eventually crashed into the world we now find ourselves in, but being separated in the quite violent crash. I haven't heard from them since, though I have been looking for them all. Even Rawne. But especially Corbec, he had instilled within me the desire to see our people free and with their own destiny to grasp. While I build my pirate fleet, I try to recruit as many Tieflings as possible because of this.
```


[[Tinewall]]
[[Quincy]]
[[Hogsmead]]
[[Waterhaven]]
[[The Galadryl Market]]
[[Evoda]]