[[Koda]] was born into small nobility in [[Tel Migdayim]]. Her parents were local land owners who leased use of their land to farmers. This led to [[Koda]]'s parents being wealthy. She had everything she needed in life, but she found herself drawn to books. She read of legendary heroes, mighty wizards and priests who changed the world in devotion to [[The Gods]]. She loved these books as a child.

When she was a little girl, the manor had an expansion added with a library. And a librarian was hired to keep it. The librarian was a portly halfling woman who was always very kind to [[Koda]]. She would occasionally suggest books to her that stimulated the mind, and [[Koda]]'s curiosity only got stronger.

It wasn't long before [[Koda]] was drawn into magical studies. She used her time in the library to study cantrips, the basic spells that all aspiring mages learn to cast. She would practice when she played with the other children as well, using her new found skills in small and subtle ways to play tricks or entertain. 

[[Koda]] was noticed by the [[Hythiel Academy of Magic]] when she was 13, and was given a chance to test for admission. She passed the cantrips entrance exam with flying colors, and was put through a series of strange tests. In one they placed strange glowing spheres on her head to measure her magical potential. In another she was asked to pedal a strange contraption until sparks began to eminate from her head. And in a third still, her mind was probed by powerful psionicists. She's still pretty sure they moved some memories around...

But she was in! And her mother - who had up to this point been putting the kind of pressure on [[Koda]] that one might expect a halfling would feel were it caught underfoot of a troll - was ever so proud! "My little girl!" she exclaimed. "My baby is all grown up! Oh honey I do hope you'll make me proud and pass the Academy. Ohhhhhh I will be so great to have a licensed Wizard in the family! Grentilda will be so jealous..." And that was the last [[Koda]] saw of her mother. She never did come back to visit. Not for the 2 years she was there. 

Those two years were hard, and lonely. For the first, [[Koda]] had to learn 'proper' ways to cast cantrips. It was always difficult for her. She was never very good at doing magic the 'proper' ways. She could flick her thumb and finger and produce a strong hot flame, but when told to hold her thumb and forefinger out in an L, and turn her wrist an exact 1/2 turn while saying the word "Zip-Po" would almost never result in more than a small flame and whisps of smoke. [[Koda]] cast magic her own way. But she tried and tried, and eventually she got good enough doing it the 'proper' way she passed the class. It was like being a teenager in a kindergarden class, but she truged through it.

It wasn't until her second year that she began to learn proper spells. And though it was still difficult for her to pick up the 'proper' concepts, she was able, in her own studies, to cast the spells she'd learned with no issue. Only one per day, but at least she was able to do it. She found herself in the library as often as she could. She would study spell lore, spellcraft and the history of magic. There she learned that while magic could be taught in any fashion, all the greatest mages always told their deciples that each wizard casts in their own way. But the principles are all the same. Speaking the words, doing the motions and offing ther ight materials will not always result in a spell unless the wizard 'feels' it. Each wizard pulls the flow of the astral weave through them, and uses the power of the universe itself to bring into being the things they desire.

There was one place that [[Koda]] was always told never to go. That there were books in the library that were too powerful for young and untrained minds. But [[Koda]] always felt a pull toward that section, and one night it was unbearable. She snuck into the library, and into the sections she was not allowed. Once there, it was as if a maze had unfolded before her. She walked through the stacks for an hour. At each crossroads she felt a mental tug. As she scanned the rows and rows of books, many of which seemed harmless, her eyes would occasionally pick up the title of a journal written by one of the great mages of legend. The collection here was unbelievable. From everything she'd read, most of these books were lost to time! The fact they were here is amazing!

As she drew closer and closer to the source of the tug, she had an overwhelming sense that she was no longer in the library. The smell of old book glue and leather bindings was no longer present, and the stacks grew quiet. She rounded the last corner. **Thu-Thump** **Thu-Thump** **Thu-Thump**. The sound of a heartbeat filled her ears. To this day she is still unsure if it was hers, or the book's. But there it was. The source of the pull. She stood there for what felt like an eternity. Just working up the courage to pull the book down from the shelves. A battle raged, unknown to [[Koda]], for her willpower. A harsh whisper pierced the thumping bassy heartbeat. "*You have been altered. Let me fix that for you.*" And then silence fell.

She remembered. She remembered everything that had happened during the tests. She heard them. They were going to use her as a magical battery. Harvest her powers for their own gain. And they altered her memories! Her mother sold her to the academy! It was all a lie...

And finally... She grabbed the book. And there it was. The face of The Weaver staring back at her. A crooked, but somehow warm, smile crossed the face of the old goddess. "*Take this. It will protect you. But do not use it until you are ready.*"

[[Koda]] awoke the next morning in her bed. The headmaster himself, [[Ichi Kazakata]], was standing over her bed. "You are no longer welcome at this academy." was all he said. She was given the chance to gather what little she had, and was immediately put on the first boat to [[Tel Migdayim]]. 

When she arrived at [[Tel Migdayim]], [[Koda]] immediately hopped onto the next ship to the mainland. She took shelter in [[Waterhaven]] for a brief time. She spent time with the monks and [[Threadwalker|Threadwalkers]] in the temple of [[The Weaver]], trying to understand the boon she was given. All she knows is there is a spell in her mind that will likely kill her if she were to cast it now. The [[Threadwalker|Threadwalkers]] have told her she needs to have faith that [[The Weaver]] knows what she was doing.