* Grew up bouncing from orphanage to orphanage. 
* Was raised initially by followers of [[The Blind]]. He was taught to be kind, to protect those who can't protect themselves, and the value of being truthful. That orphanage was shut down due to funding. This was on the edge of the desert in the city of [[Waterhaven]], just on the edge of the [[Archerian Empire]]. 
* He then was sent to another orphanage. This one was kind as well, but very strict. It was here he learned about heroes. The headmistress of the orphanage had library full of bardic tales of heroes from before [[The Shattering Of The World|the shattering]]. After some time here, the headmistress had died, and a new one with "modern" disciplinary tactics. The orphanage had changed around him over night. Most of the other children immediately became obedient. Some were unruly for about a month before they too became obedient. Soon after this Thoridan was sent away. This orphanage was in a small village south of Righold by the name of [[Quincy]].
* The next orphanage, in [[Tinewall]] was under the rule of a very strict, but clearly well meaning woman who had a very different idea of [[The Blind]]. She believed that he was a retributionist. That without strict and rigid schedules, service to [[The Blind]] meant nothing. She never gave up on Thoridan, but she did try to push him toward becoming a devout follower of [[The Blind]]. That sometimes he chooses those on a rightous path of justice to act as his paladins. This headmistress eventually retired, and another horrid "Modern" woman took her place that day. She was another awful hag who had her fingers in much of everyone's business. Thoridan was eventually sent away, just like the last one.
* And finally, he came to the tiny village of [[Hogsmead]] (Guess it's canon now lol). The lady there was an absolute treat. Of course she had the children do their chores, but she believed in positive reinforcement. She always believed in hard work, good attitude, and of course, a smile. She would let the children eat sweets, but "All things in moderation." She did occasionally talk about the gods, often only referring to them when she had a value to instill. She seemed moral, and right. That is until Ms. Primsit arrived mysteriously the day of the headmistress' death. On the [[Eve of Trees]] nonetheless. The children lived in agony for a year. Her discipline was brutal and abusive. The townsfolk of [[Hogsmead]] were all kind. But there was nothing they could do. It was, as it were, state run. The children were occasionally allowed to go out for recreation during this year, but there was a rather impressive collection of books available. Something a lot of the children found solice in.

Related to the adventuring party [[Storm Dragons]]. Went sailing on the high seas. Was raised by adventurers. These were his family. They were taken from him by [[Illithid|Illithids]]. He has a bit of a revenge fetish about it.
